# instaburglar

A bit messy but basically works.  (Ab)using a sort of back-end API to grab information from Instagram.

1.  First copy mysecret2.py to mysecret.py .  This file is used to hold secrets like sessionid which you do NOT want to check in.

2.  Grab a sessionid from an Instagram account that has access to the account(s) you are interested in.  Stash this int he mysecret.py file.  This will work until the user logs out and thus kills the session (or Instagram does it for them).  Be ethical.

3.  The various messy tools in instatools are now at your disposal.  You can grab information about the user's account, get all of their posts (including direct links to images), etc.  There are currently code snippets in the following fies which show this in use:
  generate_word_cloud_from_alljson.py - take an "all data" json file as generated by get_all_posts.py and generate a word cloud to visualize data
  get_all_posts.py - get all posts from a user and spit them out to a json file
  testfollow.py - get all followers/following
  test_get_app_id.py - get app id utility method in case it stops being hard-coded 
  testtag.py    - get all images user is tagged in
  testuser.py   - get user data

Note: Instagram is very wonky at giving list of followers/following and often gives duplicates.  In the original version of this code we alleviate this a bit by doing those requests three times and making sets of the results to try to dedup and hope that all results are reported.  This isn't perfect but is an improvement over asking once.  Be careful because Instagram will cut you off at least temporarily for making too many such requests if they notice.

Other peculiarities - Instagram does password encryption before it submits the password which adds another layer of difficult obfuscation.  This looks cryptic and brittle and is probably not worth coding up to let a user enter their u/p directly, and mistakes on this seem likely to get the user cut off.  Obtaining and hard-coding a sid is probably easier and safer and better.  This will last for as long as the session is running, which may be awhile if the user rarely logs out on the device the sid was obtained from.  Instagram occasionally kills these sessions themselves, but they may last for days if the user doesn't intentionally log themselves out from that session.

TODO - I may put some of these into Jupyter notebooks or something similar so that the behavior can be shown off and to give the user an interactive environment to do some exploration, which may also suggest more utility methods that could be added.
